`azurerm_network_packet_capture` - support for the `target_type` and `scope` properties (#19385)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/virtual_machine_packet_capture.html.markdown

  network_watcher_name = azurerm_network_watcher.example.name
  resource_group_name  = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  target_resource_id   = azurerm_virtual_machine.example.id

  storage_location {
    storage_account_id = azurerm_storage_account.example.id
  }

  depends_on = [azurerm_virtual_machine_extension.example]
}
```

~> **NOTE:** This Resource requires that [the Network Watcher Virtual Machine Extension](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/network-watcher/network-watcher-packet-capture-manage-portal#before-you-begin) is installed on the Virtual Machine before capturing can be enabled which can be installed via [the `azurerm_virtual_machine_extension` resource](virtual_machine_extension.html).

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name to use for this Network Packet Capture. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `network_watcher_name` - (Required) The name of the Network Watcher. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Network Watcher exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `target_resource_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Virtual Machine to capture packets from. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `virtual_machine_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the target Virtual Machine to capture packets from. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

* `maximum_bytes_per_packet` - (Optional) The number of bytes captured per packet. The remaining bytes are truncated. Defaults to `0` (Entire Packet Captured). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `maximum_bytes_per_session` - (Optional) Maximum size of the capture in Bytes. Defaults to `1073741824` (1GB). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `maximum_capture_duration` - (Optional) The maximum duration of the capture session in seconds. Defaults to `18000` (5 hours). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_location` - (Required) A `storage_location` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `filter` - (Optional) One or more `filter` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `storage_location` block contains:

> * `file_path` - (Optional) A valid local path on the targeting VM. Must include the name of the capture file (*.cap). For Linux virtual machine it must start with `/var/captures`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `file_path` - (Optional) A valid local path on the target Virtual Machine. Must include the name of the capture file (*.cap). For Linux Virtual Machines it must start with `/var/captures`.
```

Author: Updated

> * `storage_account_id` - (Optional) The ID of the storage account to save the packet capture session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `storage_account_id` - (Optional) The ID of the storage account where the packet capture sessions should be saved to.
```

~> **NOTE:** At least one of `file_path` or `storage_account_id` must be specified.

A `filter` block contains:

> * `local_ip_address` - (Optional) The local IP Address to be filtered on. Notation: "127.0.0.1" for single address entry. "127.0.0.1-127.0.0.255" for range. "127.0.0.1;127.0.0.5" for multiple entries. Multiple ranges not currently supported. Mixing ranges with multiple entries not currently supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `local_ip_address` - (Optional) The local IP Address to be filtered on. Specify `127.0.0.1` for a single address entry, `127.0.0.1-127.0.0.255` for a range and `127.0.0.1;127.0.0.5` for multiple entries. Multiple ranges and mixing ranges with multiple entries are currently not supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

> * `local_port` - (Optional) The local port to be filtered on. Notation: "80" for single port entry."80-85" for range. "80;443;" for multiple entries. Multiple ranges not currently supported. Mixing ranges with multiple entries not currently supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `local_port` - (Optional) The local port to be filtered on. Specify `80` for single port entry, `80-85` for a range and `80;443;` for multiple entries. Multiple ranges and mixing ranges with multiple entries are currently not supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `protocol` - (Required) The Protocol to be filtered on. Possible values include `Any`, `TCP` and `UDP`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `remote_ip_address` - (Optional) The remote IP Address to be filtered on. Notation: "127.0.0.1" for single address entry. "127.0.0.1-127.0.0.255" for range. "127.0.0.1;127.0.0.5;" for multiple entries. Multiple ranges not currently supported. Mixing ranges with multiple entries not currently supported.. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `remote_ip_address` - (Optional) The remote IP Address to be filtered on. Specify `127.0.0.1` for a single address entry, `127.0.0.1-127.0.0.255` for a range and `127.0.0.1;127.0.0.5` for multiple entries. Multiple ranges and mixing ranges with multiple entries are currently not supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

> * `remote_port` - (Optional) The remote port to be filtered on. Notation: "80" for single port entry."80-85" for range. "80;443;" for multiple entries. Multiple ranges not currently supported. Mixing ranges with multiple entries not currently supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `remote_port` - (Optional) The remote port to be filtered on. Specify `80` for single port entry, `80-85` for a range and `80;443;` for multiple entries. Multiple ranges and mixing ranges with multiple entries are currently not supported. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Virtual Machine Packet Capture ID.

* `storage_location` - (Required) A `storage_location` block as defined below.

---

A `storage_location` block contains:

> * `storage_path` - The URI of the storage path to save the packet capture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `storage_path` - The URI of the storage path where the packet capture sessions are saved to.
```

Author: Updated
